
Religion is a rule that its followers can justify both following and breaking.

"I never knew how much I loved you til I was standing on my feet"
	--Misinterpretation of Nina's "All These Tears"

Code is like money.  When you write good code, you have capital to use
or borrow against.  When you have bad or buggy code, you are in debt.  You
can't operate a successful business for long that's in debt or has bad code.

"We should never forget that everything Adolph Hitler did in Germany was legal."
	--Martin Luther King, Jr.

"I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people
who believe it."
	--George Carlin

"War, by any other name, would be as stupid."
	--Debra Moody

Programming is the most rigidly structured art in existence.

"Life's not fair, but the root password helps."
	--Simon Travaglia

"Power corrupts, absolute power is even more fun!"
	--Simon Travaglia

Quidquid Latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

"Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have
looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong."
	--Brent Welch

"...In fact, never ever use gets() or sprintf(), period.  If you do - we
will send evil dwarfs after you."
	--FreeBSD Secure Programming Guidelines

The number of people involved in running a government or society
is directly proportional to the stupidity of the people involved,
and inversely proportional to the amount of evil it can inflict
on its citizens.

"As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't
as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be
discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large
part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my
own programs."
	--Maurice Wilkes, 1949

It takes a village to raise an idiot.

"If churches want to play the game of politics, let them pay admission
like everyone else."
	--George Carlin

A person with one watch knows what time it is.  A person with two watches is 
never sure.

"Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm."
	--John F. Kennedy

"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny ...'"
	--Isaac Asimov

Hey, baby, wanna go back to my place and orient some objects?

Randel, n.: A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
	--Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure & Preposterous Words

"All bad precedents began as justifiable measures."
	--Gaius Julius Caesar

The Lovecraftian information for sendmail configuration was wiped from
my mind, as the gods themselves had mercy on my mortal mind and freed
it from those dark rituals.

"Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask
any Indian."
	--Robert Orben

"Some women are like musical glasses.  To keep them in tune they must be wet."
	--Samuel Coleridge

"Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all."
		--Oscar Wilde

"My mother gave me two rules to live by: Never be on lead in bridge, and
it should never be scary to tell someone you love them."
	--Kate Marquis

"It is the duty of a patriot to protect his country from its government."
	--Thomas Paine

"Some people fight so hard for freedom until there is nothing left of it."
	--Anonymous

-"No matter what you say, someone will disagree."
-"That's bullshit!"

In coding, "what handles the inconsistencies" is the important question
to reduce bug-counts.  Does the interface code?  The library?  Knowing
the answer increases confidence in writing code.

"Fuck me, I'm famous"
	--seen on T-shirt

"Religion is an insult to human dignity.  With or without it, you'd have good
people doing good things and evil people doing evil things.  But for good
people to do evil things, it takes religion."
	--Dr. Steven Weinberg, Nobel Laureate April 1999

Civil rights enable terrorists.  Lack of civil rights enables terrorism.

"In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty."
	--Thomas Jefferson

Paranoia is an investment.
	--Steve Aylett, _Dummyland_

There are two sure ways to tell if one is sexy.  The first is that you have
a bad memory.  I forget the second.

"I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate.  And
I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it."
	--Jack Handy

"Thou shalt not polka without a bra."
	--Liana Olear

Windows: Where would you like to go today?
Linux: Where would you like to go tomorrow?
BSD: Are you guys coming or what?

"I contend that we are both atheists.  I just believe in one fewer god than
you do.  When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods,
you will understand why I dismiss yours."
	--Stephen Roberts

Integral z-squared dz
from 1 to the cube root of 3
times the cosine
of three pi over 9
equals log of the cube root of 'e'.

While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness
never does.

"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
	--Albert Einstein

"College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the
trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and
necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity."
	--H.L. Mencken

"Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters."
	--Frederick Douglass

My other car is a cdr.

Is it pedophilia if the kid is dead?

Secant, Tangent, Cosine, Sine
Three point one four one five nine
Physics, Bio, Polymer Chem
Give 'em Hell, go S&M!
	--School cheer for North Carolina School of Science and Math (NCSSM)

"The Christian churches were offered two things: the spirit of Jesus and the
idiotic morality of Paul, and they rejected the higher inspiration...
Following Paul, we have turned the goodness of love into a fiend and degraded
the crowning impulse of our being into a capital sin."
	--Frank Harris

I do the things you're afraid to fantasize about.

I believe in a non-deterministic universe.  But if I'm wrong, I didn't have
any choice in the matter.

If the good lord had intended for us to be bisexual, he would have made
two sexes.

If you bang your head long enough, it may feel like the concrete wall is
giving away.  If you look in the mirror you will see the real damage.

The actions taken by the New Hampshire Episcopalians [INDUCTING A GAY BISHOP]
are an affront to Christians everywhere. I am just thankful that the
church's founder, Henry VIII, and his wife Catherine of Aragon, and his
wife Anne Boleyn, and his wife Jane Seymour, and his wife Anne of Cleves,
and his wife Katherine Howard, and his wife Catherine Parr, and his
innumerable mistresses are no longer here to suffer through this assault
on traditional Christian marriages.

"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat
that isn't there."
	--Charles Darwin

I'm somebody's fetish.

"Complaining is good for you, as long as you're not complaining to the person
you're complaining about."
	--Lynne Johnson

"Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.  At best he is a
tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes
in the house."
	--Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough for Love"

The evolution of thinking humans is the bane of biological human evolution.

"People overvalue unity above good sense."
	--David C. Simpson

If it screams, you're not chewing fast enough.

An object at rest cannot be stopped.

Beat me up, Scotty.

Monkey in a blender:  Rhesus pieces.

aibohphobia: n, the fear of palindromes.

Cardassian Cable: There are...five...channels!

I say, put Schroedinger in the box and see how HE likes it.

If Q were castrated, would he become O?

Celebrate National Sadists' Day: be kind to a masochist.

"The Schleswig-Holstein question is so complicated, only three men in Europe
have ever understood it. One was Prince Albert, who is dead. The second was
a German professor who became mad. I am the third and I have forgotten all
about it."
	--Lord Palmerston

Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately
explained by stupidity.
	--Robert J. Hanlon

Trekkies work out in the He's Dead Gym.

"Inside every thin person is a fat person trying to get out, because it's
_tight_ in there, dammit."
	--Liam Bryan

"Nuts don't need religion to make them nuts, but it does seem to give them
a certain added sense of commitment to whatever goals their nutdom decides
to embrace."
	--David Weber

"Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And
therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee."
	--John Donne

Liam's Five Laws of HTML Programming:
1. Images are images, text is text.  Never substitute one for the other.
2. Nothing will ever look the way you want it to.
3. The more fonts, the worse.
4. If you can't achieve a layout with just a text editor, then it's too
   complicated.  Use Flash, or simplify.
5. Everything should be W3C spec.  Everything.

"Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated."
	--W.C. Reed

Children are the only oppressed group that grows into their own oppressors.

"I am sick and tired of war.  Its glory is all moonshine.  It is only
those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of
the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation.
War is hell."
	--Gen. William T. Sherman

Never make assumptions!  That harmless rectangle could be two
triangles having sex!

Philosophy is a game with objectives and no rules. 
Mathematics is a game with rules and no objectives.

"Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is
not the reason we are doing it."
	--Richard Feynman

To the Romans, all religions were equally true.
To the philosophers, all religions were equally false.
To the politicians, all religions were equally useful.

Either God wants to abolish evil, and cannot; or he can and does not want to. 
If he wants to, but cannot, he is impotent. 
If he can, but does not want to, he is wicked. 
	--Epicurus, 260 B.C.E.

Why should I fear death?  If I am, death is not.  If death is, I am not.
Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not?
	--Epicurus

"If anyone comes to me and does not hate his father and mother, his wife
and children, his brothers and sisters -- yes, even his own life -- he
cannot be my disciple."
	--Jesus, Luke 14:26

"Polyamory?  That's just wrong....
It should be either multiamory or polyphilia, but this mixing of Greek
and Latin roots?  No.  Wrong."
	--Unknown

"I have always been saved from mediocrity by lack of money."
	--Terry Gilliam

"The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter,
taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn.  The Republicans
are the party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected
and prove it."
	--P.J. O'Rourke

I am not a number.  I am a free floating variable.  As opposed to a tied
down variable.  Though that could be a lot more fun.

"A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing."
	--Alan Perlis

"The mathematician's patterns, like the painter's or the poet's, must be
beautiful; the ideas, like the colours or the words, must fit together in
a harmonious way. Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place
in this world for ugly mathematics."
	--Godfrey Harold Hardy

"I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy
nailed to two pieces of wood."
	--George Carlin

"I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State.  My idea
is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both
of them together is certain death."
	--George Carlin

"When God closes a door, He opens a window... through which some asshole
climbs and steals your TV."
	--Kathy Freese

Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics
is almost always the choice of the lesser evil. "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say. "I will not vote." Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years. Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey. They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
	--Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"

"Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the
cruel and torturous executions, the unrelenting vindictiveness, with which
more than half the Bible is filled, it would be more consistent that we
called it the word of a demon than the word of God."
	--Thomas Paine

When the fool learns the Way, He laughts at it.
Yet if the fool did not laugh at it,
It would not be the Way.
Indeed, if you are seeking the Way,
Listen for the laughter of fools.
	--Lao Tze

If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
	--Chinese proverb

"Plans are nothing, planning is everything."
	--Dwight D. Eisenhower

"Today [Christmas], all over the world, children are waking up to puppies
that will soon be neglected."
	--Erin Farmer

"Poor.  Shit-eating poor.  The poor are the best dancers in the world."
	--Grant Morrison, "The Invisibles"

Self-help literature often seems like just plain old common sense.  It is,
but it's lazy common sense, because it's common sense that one didn't
have to learn through trial and error; it's someone else's trial and error.
Self-help is efficient common-sense-gathering.

"Like a lot of people, I was mathematically abused as a child. I learned to
think of math as a collection of formulas that were neither beautiful nor
had any relation to my life (despite attempts to translate them into
'word problems'), but had to be memorized in order to do well on tests."
	--Paul Graham

"For God's sake, please give [the study of hyperbolic geometry] up. Fear it
no less than the sensual passions, because it, too, may take up all your
time and deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life." 
	--Wolfgang Bolyai, to his son Janos

"If you have not been able to show that the author is uninformed,
misinformed, or illogical on relevant matters, you simply cannot disagree.
You must agree.  You cannot say, as so many students and others do, "I find
nothing wrong with your premises, and no errors in reasoning, but I don't
agree with your conclusions."  All you can possibly mean by saying something
like that is that you do not like the conclusions.  You are not disagreeing.
You are expressing your emotions or prejudices.  If you have been convinced,
you should admit it.  (If, despite your failure to support one or more of
these three critical points, you still honestly feel unconvinced, perhaps
you should not have said you understood in the first place.)"
	--Mortimer J. Adler & Charles Van Doren, "How to Read a Book"

It used to be 15 minutes of fame, but it had to be downsized to 10 in order
to space the commercials properly.

The problems with Christianity and D&D are essentially the same: too many
people RTFM, but don't comprehend it.

"Every actor is just an abused spouse who goes back, thinking he or she can
make theatre change its ways."
	--R.K. Milholland

"All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky."
	--Joel Spolsky

"[One] must make a distinction between something which has been made simple
(stripped to its essence), and something which has been made simplistic
(stripped of its essence)."
	--Alistair B. Fraser

"Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel."
	--Samuel Johnson

"...Anyone who chooses to be a friend of the world becomes an enemy of God."
	--James 4:4

"I only take pride in those things that I accomplished, not those that I
was born with or given."
	--James Randi

"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
	--Marcus Tullius Cicero

"Just because you don't take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics
won't take an interest in you."
	--Pericles

"Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it
in a fruit salad."
	--Peter Kay

The best way to learn a language is to sleep with a dictionary.

Acting intelligently is insulting to those who choose not to.

The difference between logic and faith is that logic can be used to prove
things to others.  Faith can only be used to prove things to yourself.

"The less confident you are, the more serious you have to act."
	--Tara Ploughman

"The problem with defending the purity of the English language is that
English is about as pure as a cribhouse whore. We don't just borrow words;
on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat
them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary."
	--James Nicoll

"Mathematicians are a sort of Frenchman; if you talk to them, they
translate it into their own language, and then it is immediately something
quite different."
	--Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bike. Then I 
realized that The Lord doesn't work that way, so I stole one and asked him 
to forgive me."
	--Peter Kay

"Senator, when you took your oath of office, you placed your hand on the
Bible and swore to uphold the Constitution. You didn't place your hand on
the Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible."
	--Jamie Raskin

You seldom regret failing.  You always regret not trying.
