
Religion is a rule that its followers can justify both following and breaking.

"I never knew how much I loved you til I was standing on my feet"
	--Misinterpretation of Nina's "All These Tears"

Code is like money.  When you write good code, you have capital to use or
borrow against.  When you have bad or buggy code, you are in debt.  You can't
operate a successful business for long that's in debt or has bad code.

"We should never forget that everything Adolph Hitler did in Germany was legal."
	--Martin Luther King, Jr.

"I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who
believe it."
	--George Carlin

"War, by any other name, would be as stupid."
	--Debra Moody

Programming is the most rigidly structured art in existence.

"Life's not fair, but the root password helps."
	--Simon Travaglia

"Power corrupts, absolute power is even more fun!"
	--Simon Travaglia

Quidquid Latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

"Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at
carefully has turned out to be wrong."
	--Brent Welch

"...In fact, never ever use gets() or sprintf(), period.  If you do - we will
send evil dwarfs after you."
	--FreeBSD Secure Programming Guidelines

The number of people involved in running a government or society is directly
proportional to the stupidity of the people involved, and inversely
proportional to the amount of evil it can inflict on its citizens.

"As soon as we started programming [in 1949], we found to our surprise that it
wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be
discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part
of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own
programs."
	--Maurice Wilkes

It takes a village to raise an idiot.

"If churches want to play the game of politics, let them pay admission like
everyone else."
	--George Carlin

A person with one watch knows what time it is.  A person with two watches is
never sure.

"Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm."
	--John F. Kennedy

"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny ...'"
	--Isaac Asimov

Hey, baby, wanna go back to my place and orient some objects?

Randel, n.: A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology for
farting at a friend.
	--Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure & Preposterous Words

"All bad precedents began as justifiable measures."
	--Gaius Julius Caesar

The Lovecraftian information for sendmail configuration was wiped from my mind,
as the gods themselves had mercy on my mortal mind and freed it from those dark
rituals.

"Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.  Ask any
Indian."
	--Robert Orben

"Some women are like musical glasses.  To keep them in tune they must be wet."
	--Samuel Coleridge

"Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.  Conscience makes
egotists of us all."
		--Oscar Wilde

"My mother gave me two rules to live by: Never be on lead in bridge, and it
should never be scary to tell someone you love them."
	--Kate Marquis

"It is the duty of a patriot to protect his country from its government."
	--Thomas Paine

"Some people fight so hard for freedom until there is nothing left of it."
	--Anonymous

-"No matter what you say, someone will disagree."
-"That's bullshit!"

In coding, "what handles the inconsistencies" is the important question to
reduce bug-counts.  Does the interface code?  The library?  Knowing the answer
increases confidence in writing code.

"Fuck me, I'm famous"
	--seen on T-shirt

"Religion is an insult to human dignity.  With or without it, you'd have good
people doing good things and evil people doing evil things.  But for good
people to do evil things, it takes religion."
	--Dr. Steven Weinberg, Nobel Laureate April 1999

Civil rights enable terrorists.  Lack of civil rights enables terrorism.

"In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty."
	--Thomas Jefferson

Paranoia is an investment.
	--Steve Aylett, _Dummyland_

There are two sure ways to tell if one is sexy.  The first is that you have a
bad memory.  I forget the second.

"I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate.  And I can
picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it."
	--Jack Handey

"Thou shalt not polka without a bra."
	--Liana Olear

Windows: Where would you like to go today?
Linux: Where would you like to go tomorrow?
BSD: Are you guys coming or what?

"I contend that we are both atheists.  I just believe in one fewer god than you
do.  When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will
understand why I dismiss yours."
	--Stephen Roberts

Integral z-squared dz
from 1 to the cube root of 3
times the cosine
of three pi over 9
equals log of the cube root of 'e'.

While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never
does.

"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
	--Albert Einstein

"College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty
played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees
played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks, and
simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity."
	--H.L. Mencken

"Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who
want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean without the roar
of its many waters."
	--Frederick Douglass

My other car is a cdr.

Is it pedophilia if the kid is dead?

Secant, Tangent, Cosine, Sine
Three point one four one five nine
Physics, Bio, Polymer Chem
Give 'em Hell, go S&M!
	--School cheer for North Carolina School of Science and Math (NCSSM)

"The Christian churches were offered two things: the spirit of Jesus and the
idiotic morality of Paul, and they rejected the higher inspiration...
Following Paul, we have turned the goodness of love into a fiend and degraded
the crowning impulse of our being into a capital sin."
	--Frank Harris

I do the things you're afraid to fantasize about.

I believe in a non-deterministic universe.  But if I'm wrong, I didn't have any
choice in the matter.

If the good lord had intended for us to be bisexual, he would have made two
sexes.

If you bang your head long enough, it may feel like the concrete wall is giving
away.  If you look in the mirror you will see the real damage.

The [induction of a gay bishop] taken by the New Hampshire Episcopalians are an
affront to Christians everywhere.  I am just thankful that the church's
founder, Henry VIII, and his wife Catherine of Aragon, and his wife Anne
Boleyn, and his wife Jane Seymour, and his wife Anne of Cleves, and his wife
Katherine Howard, and his wife Catherine Parr, and his innumerable mistresses
are no longer here to suffer through this assault on traditional Christian
marriages.

"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that
isn't there."
	--Charles Darwin

I'm somebody's fetish.

"Complaining is good for you, as long as you're not complaining to the person
you're complaining about."
	--Lynne Johnson

"Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.  At best he is a
tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes in
the house."
	--Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough for Love"

The evolution of thinking humans is the bane of biological human evolution.

"People overvalue unity above good sense."
	--David C. Simpson

If it screams, you're not chewing fast enough.

An object at rest cannot be stopped.

aibohphobia: n, the fear of palindromes.

Cardassian Cable: There are...five...channels!

I say, put Schroedinger in the box and see how HE likes it.

Celebrate National Sadists' Day: be kind to a masochist.

"The Schleswig-Holstein question is so complicated, only three men in Europe
have ever understood it.  One was Prince Albert, who is dead.  The second was a
German professor who became mad.  I am the third and I have forgotten all about
it."
	--Lord Palmerston

Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately
explained by stupidity.
	--Robert J. Hanlon

Trekkies work out in the He's Dead Gym.

"Inside every thin person is a fat person trying to get out, because it's
_tight_ in there, dammit."
	--Liam Bryan

"Nuts don't need religion to make them nuts, but it does seem to give them a
certain added sense of commitment to whatever goals their nutdom decides to
embrace."
	--David Weber

"Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore
never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee."
	--John Donne

Liam's Five Laws of HTML Programming:
1. Images are images, text is text.  Never substitute one for the other.
2. Nothing will ever look the way you want it to.
3. The more fonts, the worse.
4. If you can't achieve a layout with just a text editor, then it's too
   complicated.  Use Flash, or simplify.
5. Everything should be W3C spec.  Everything.

"Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated."
	--W.C. Reed

Children are the only oppressed group that grows into their own oppressors.

"I am sick and tired of war.  Its glory is all moonshine.  It is only those who
have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who
cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation.  War is hell."
	--Gen. William T. Sherman

Never make assumptions!  That harmless rectangle could be two triangles having
sex!

Philosophy is a game with objectives and no rules.
Mathematics is a game with rules and no objectives.

"Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the
reason we are doing it."
	--Richard Feynman

To the Romans, all religions were equally true.
To the philosophers, all religions were equally false.
To the politicians, all religions were equally useful.

Either God wants to abolish evil, and cannot; or he can and does not want to.
If he wants to, but cannot, he is impotent.
If he can, but does not want to, he is wicked.
	--Epicurus, 260 B.C.E.

Why should I fear death?  If I am, death is not.  If death is, I am not.  Why
should I fear that which can only exist when I do not?
	--Epicurus

"If anyone comes to me and does not hate his father and mother, his wife and
children, his brothers and sisters -- yes, even his own life -- he cannot be my
disciple."
	--Jesus, Luke 14:26

"Polyamory?  That's just wrong....  It should be either multiamory or
polyphilia, but this mixing of Greek and Latin roots?  No.  Wrong."
	--Unknown

"I have always been saved from mediocrity by lack of money."
	--Terry Gilliam

"The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter,
taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn.  The Republicans are the
party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected and prove
it."
	--P.J. O'Rourke

I am not a number.  I am a free floating variable.  As opposed to a tied down
variable.  Though that could be a lot more fun.

"A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not
worth knowing."
	--Alan Perlis

"The mathematician's patterns, like the painter's or the poet's, must be
beautiful; the ideas, like the colours or the words, must fit together in a
harmonious way.  Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in this
world for ugly mathematics."
	--Godfrey Harold Hardy

"I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to
two pieces of wood."
	--George Carlin

"I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State.  My idea is
that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them
together is certain death."
	--George Carlin

"When God closes a door, He opens a window...  through which some asshole
climbs and steals your TV."
	--Kathy Freese

Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee," they
say.  "I will not vote." Having abstained, they are presented with a President
who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their lives for the
next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a stew in 1968 rather
than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.  Those people who taught
Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the Nixon Supreme Court when
Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among the gold and the black.
	--Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"

"Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel
and torturous executions, the unrelenting vindictiveness, with which more than
half the Bible is filled, it would be more consistent that we called it the
word of a demon than the word of God."
	--Thomas Paine

When the fool learns the Way, He laughs at it.
Yet if the fool did not laugh at it,
It would not be the Way.
Indeed, if you are seeking the Way,
Listen for the laughter of fools.
	--Lao Tze

If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
	--Chinese proverb

"Plans are nothing, planning is everything."
	--Dwight D. Eisenhower

"Today [Christmas], all over the world, children are waking up to puppies that
will soon be neglected."
	--Erin Farmer

"Poor.  Shit-eating poor.  The poor are the best dancers in the world."
	--Grant Morrison, "The Invisibles"

Self-help literature often seems like just plain old common sense.  It is, but
it's lazy common sense, because it's common sense that one didn't have to learn
through trial and error; it's someone else's trial and error.  Self-help is
efficient common-sense-gathering.

"Like a lot of people, I was mathematically abused as a child.  I learned to
think of math as a collection of formulas that were neither beautiful nor had
any relation to my life (despite attempts to translate them into 'word
problems'), but had to be memorized in order to do well on tests."
	--Paul Graham

"For God's sake, please give [the study of hyperbolic geometry] up.  Fear it no
less than the sensual passions, because it, too, may take up all your time and
deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life."
	--Wolfgang Bolyai, to his son Janos

"If you have not been able to show that the author is uninformed, misinformed,
or illogical on relevant matters, you simply cannot disagree.  You must agree.
You cannot say, as so many students and others do, "I find nothing wrong with
your premises, and no errors in reasoning, but I don't agree with your
conclusions."  All you can possibly mean by saying something like that is that
you do not like the conclusions.  You are not disagreeing.  You are expressing
your emotions or prejudices.  If you have been convinced, you should admit it.
(If, despite your failure to support one or more of these three critical
points, you still honestly feel unconvinced, perhaps you should not have said
you understood in the first place.)"
	--Mortimer J. Adler & Charles Van Doren, "How to Read a Book"

It used to be 15 minutes of fame, but it had to be downsized to 10 in order to
space the commercials properly.

The problems with Christianity and D&D are essentially the same: too many
people RTFM, but don't comprehend it.

"Every actor is just an abused spouse who goes back, thinking he or she can
make theatre change its ways."
	--R.K. Milholland

"All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky."
	--Joel Spolsky

"[One] must make a distinction between something which has been made simple
(stripped to its essence), and something which has been made simplistic
(stripped of its essence)."
	--Alistair B. Fraser

"Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel."
	--Samuel Johnson

"...Anyone who chooses to be a friend of the world becomes an enemy of God."
	--James 4:4

"I only take pride in those things that I accomplished, not those that I was
born with or given."
	--James Randi

"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
	--Marcus Tullius Cicero

"Just because you don't take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics
won't take an interest in you."
	--Pericles

"Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit
salad."
	--Peter Kay

The best way to learn a language is to sleep with a dictionary.

Acting intelligently is insulting to those who choose not to.

The difference between logic and faith is that logic can be used to prove
things to others.  Faith can only be used to prove things to yourself.

"The less confident you are, the more serious you have to act."
	--Tara Ploughman

"The problem with defending the purity of the English language is that English
is about as pure as a cribhouse whore.  We don't just borrow words; on
occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them
unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary."
	--James Nicoll

"Mathematicians are a sort of Frenchman; if you talk to them, they translate it
into their own language, and then it is immediately something quite different."
	--Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bike.  Then I realized
that The Lord doesn't work that way, so I stole one and asked him to forgive
me."
	--Peter Kay

"Senator, when you took your oath of office, you placed your hand on the Bible
and swore to uphold the Constitution.  You didn't place your hand on the
Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible."
	--Jamie Raskin

You seldom regret failing.  You always regret not trying.

If electricity comes from electrons, where does morality come from?

"On peut rire de tout, oui, mais pas avec n'importe qui."
"You can laugh about everything, yes, but not with everyone."
	--Pierre Desproges

"I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians.  Your Christians are so
unlike your Christ."
	--Mohatma Gandhi

"Java is the COBOL of the 21st century."
	--Andy Hunt

"In religions, the heretic must be cast out not because of the probability that
he is wrong but because of the possibility that he is right."
	--Antony Jay

There are as many sides to a story as there are liars.

"Show me a cultural relativist at thirty thousand feet and I'll show you a
hypocrite.  Airplanes are built according to scientific principles and they
work.  They stay aloft and they get you to a chosen destination.  Airplanes
built to tribal or mythological specifications such as the dummy planes of the
Cargo cults in jungle clearings or the bees-waxed wings of Icarus don't."
	--Richard Dawkins, _River Out of Eden_

"We are determined, as leaders of the nation, to fulfill as a national
government the task which has been given to us, swearing fidelity only to God,
our conscience, and our constituents....  This the national government will
regard its first and foremost duty: to restore the unity of spirit and purpose
of our people.  It will preserve and defend the foundations upon which the
power of our nation rests.  It will take Christianity as the basis of our
collective morality, and the family as the nucleus of our collective selves,
under its firm protection....  May God Almighty take our work into his grace,
give true form to our will, bless our insight, and endow us with the trust of
our citizens."
	--Adolf Hitler, 1933.02.01, upon becoming Chancellor

"Alas, to wear the mantle of Galileo it is not enough that you be persecuted by
an unkind establishment, you must also be right."
	--Bob Park

"You are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own
facts."
	--Daniel Patrick Moynihan

Sadly, there's only a limited amount of inifinity I can pay attention to on a
daily basis.

"We share half our genes with the banana.  This is a fact more evident in some
of my acquaintances than others."
	--Robert May

yIn yISuq!
Hira cuile:
	-"Get a life!" in Klingon, Elven

I respect you, but not necessarily your views.  You have feelings, your views
do not.

"Any explanation for the problem of evil has to take into account the smell of
burning children."
	--Dr. Charles Isbell

"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make
empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a
covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of
Hell."
	--St. Augustine

"Shakespeare only really wrote with two views on women--the conniving
sexualized and the innocent virgins.  The guys I work with in construction see
me either as a sexual object or an incompetent child, so they aren't much
different than Shakespeare.  Except the Bard never would have let me use a
sledgehammer."
	--"Ellie", Jordan Matter photography

"'Inappropriate' is the adjective form of 'I don't like it'."
	--Paul Graham

"Alas, the spheres of truth are less transparent than those of illusion."
	-- L.E.J. Brouwer

"I don't think my son needs a male role model, because I do not believe in
fostering a male role.  Where we look for help is in other areas.  Our kids
need a dance role model, an acting-goofy-and-playing-silly-games role model, a
football role model, some many-different-ways-to-make-a-living role models."
	--Dale Rosenberg

"La majestueuse égalité des lois, qui interdit au riche comme au pauvre de
coucher sous les ponts, de mendier dans les rues et de voler du pain."
"The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to
sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread."
	--Anatole France

"A quotation is a handy thing to have about, saving one the trouble of thinking
for oneself."
	--A. A. Milne

"Just because you vote for the Republicans, doesn't mean they let you be one."
	--Andrew Plotkin

"Doubt is a virtue."
	--John F. Kennedy

"We can't child-proof the world, nor should we try.  We need, instead, to be
world-proofing our children."
	--Liam Echlin

"I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong."
	--Bertrand Russell

"Mathematics is the way to understand the universe."
	--Pythagoras

"If you write applications without tests then you are a bad person, incapable
of love."
	--Obie Fernandez

"Violence completes the partial mind."
	--Henry Cow

"It is disgraceful and dangerous for an infidel to hear a Christian talking
nonsense on [science]; and we should take all means to prevent such an
embarrassment, in which people view the vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh
it to scorn.  The shame is not so much the derision, but that people outside
the faith think our sacred writers held such opinions, and are criticized and
rejected as unlearned men.  If infidels find a Christian mistaken in a field
which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions
about the Scripture, how are they going to believe the Scripture in matters
concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the
kingdom of heaven, when they think its pages are full of falsehoods on facts
which they themselves have learnt from experience and the light of reason?
Reckless, incompetent expounders of Holy Scripture bring untold trouble and
sorrow on their wiser brethren when they are caught in one of their mischievous
false opinions and are taken to task by those who are not bound by the
authority of our sacred books.  For then they will try to call upon Holy
Scripture for proof and even recite from memory many passages which they think
support their position, although they 'understand neither what they say nor the
things about which they make assertion.' (1 Timothy 1:7)"
	--St. Augustine, "The Literal Meaning of Genesis"

"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed.  If you read the
newspaper, your misinformed."
	--Mark Twain

"You are an Explorer.  Your mission is to document and observe the world around
you as if you've never seen it before.  Take notes.  Collect things you find on
your travels.  Document your findings.  Notice patterns.  Copy.  Trace.  Focus
on one thing at a time.  Record what you are drawn to."
	--Keri Smith, _How to Be an Explorer of the World_

When God gives you lemons, find a new god.

"Any software project is a collaborative project.  It has at least two
developers, the original developer and the original developer a few weeks or
months later."
	--Peter Hutterer

The road to wisdom?  Well it's plain
and simple to express:
    err
    and err
    and err again
    but less
    and less
    and less.
	--Piet Hein

"Describing why the Web is horrible is like describing why it's horrible to
drown in an ocean composed of pufferfish that are pregnant with tiny Freddy
Kruegers--each detail is horrendous in isolation, but the aggregate sum is
delightfully arranged into a hate flower that blooms all year."
	--James Mickens

"If you done it, it ain't braggin'."
	--Walt Whitman

"Il est encore plus facile de juger de l'esprit d'un homme par ses questions
que par ses réponses."
"Judge a man by his questions, rather than his answers."
	--Pierre-Marc-Gaston de Lévis

"The only reason coders' computers work better than non-coders' computers is
coders know computers are schizophrenic little children with auto-immune
diseases and we don't beat them when they're bad."
	--Peter Welch

When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.

"Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not
understanding, understanding is not wisdom."
	--Tim Berners-Lee

"Analogy is our best guide in all philosophical investigations; and all
discoveries, which were not made by mere accident, have been made by the help
of it."
	--Joseph Priestley

"Change is not a hobby."
	--Robin Williams

"Great poets imitate and improve, whereas small ones steal and spoil."
	-W.H. Davenport Adams

"QA Engineer walks into a bar, and orders a beer.  Then orders 0 beers.  Orders
999999999 beers.  Orders a lizard.  Orders -1 beers.  Orders a sfdeljknesv."
	--Bill Sempf

"From this distant vantage point, the Earth might not seem of any particular
interest.  But for us, it's different.  Consider again that dot.  That's here.
That's home.  That's us.  On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone
you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives.  The
aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions,
ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and
coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant,
every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor
and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every
"superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of
our species lived there – on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.  The Earth
is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena.  Think of the rivers of blood
spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they
could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot.  Think of the
endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the
scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner.  How frequent their
misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their
hatreds.  Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we
have some privileged position in the universe, are challenged by this point of
pale light.  Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark.
In our obscurity -- in all this vastness -- there is no hint that help will
come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves."
	--Carl Sagan, __Pale Blue Dot__

"A great fire burns within me, but no one stops to warm themselves at it, and
passers-by only see a wisp of smoke."
	--Vincent van Gogh

"You start out imitating your heroes, and the way you fuck up becomes your
style."
	--Elvis Costello

World domination is such an ugly phrase.  I prefer the term world optimization.

"What we hope ever to do with ease, we must first learn to do with diligence."
	--Samuel Johnson

"It's never too late to be what you might have been."
	--George Eliot

"When you turn over rocks and look at all the squiggly things underneath, you
can either put the rock down, or you can say, 'My job is to turn over rocks and
look at the squiggly things,' even if what you see can scare the hell out of
you."
	--Fred Purdue

"You either die as a bug or live long enough to become a feature."
	--chu-_-man

"If you teach a man anything, he will never learn."
	--George Bernard Shaw

Life is not the number of days you live, but the number of days you remember.

"I don't care if it works on your machine!  We are not shipping your machine!"
	--Ovidu Platon

"The Internet?  Is that thing still around?"
	--Homer Simpson

"It's more important to have the right people involved than it is to follow the
process exactly right."
	--Rex Black

"A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps."
	--James Thurber

The problem with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back.

"If the date is missed, the schedule was wrong. It doesn't matter why the date
was missed. The purpose of the schedule was planning, not goal-setting."
	--Tom DeMarco

"A good model guides your thinking, a bad one warps it."
	--Brian Marick

"Professionals have *standards*.  Be polite.  Be efficient.  Have a plan to kill
everyone you meet."
	--The Sniper, _Team Fortress 2_

"I don't know how to explain source control without waving a gun."
"Debugging will continue until morale improves."
"Copy and paste is not a design pattern."
	--_The Profound Programmer_

"Cheating is what losers call technique."
	--Eliezer Yudkowsky
